[helicopter alarm beeping]
Okay, Ermes,
how fast is this thing going
right now?
170? 200?
[gasps]
We're getting off
of this thing. Emporio!
[grunts]
[wind whooshing]
But when those rods
came into my life,
when I saw them
for the first time,
I finally realized
its importance.
It wasn't about the dude.
The moon landing was an
achievement for all humanity!
That day, we humans
conquered the moon
and our spirits evolved.
What's truly significant is the
evolution of the human race!
[lighter clicks]
You don't gotta worry about me.
I honestly don't even feel it.
Compared to all the shit
I've gone through
to get to the priest,
this pain is nothing.
[groans]
You crazy bitch!
If you're trying to
test my spirit,
it's way stronger than yours!
[intense showdown music]
I'm gonna finish you here!
Oraa, oraa, oraa, oraa,
oraa, oraa, oraa...
[gargles]
Oh shit.
[thuds]
[groaning]
-Jolyne!
-Oh yeah! Our girl's alive!
He must be special
since the priest
took away the disc
with his memories
and he decided to keep him
alive in that prison.
[Rikiel] Weather Forecast.
[breathes deeply]
Because he happens to be the
priest's biological brother.
Let's go to Orlando.
That's where we'll
find him hiding, right?
[theme music]
[ambulance sirens blaring]
[wheels screeching]
[medic] Hurry!
Get Surgery Room 3 prepared.
We've got an eight-year-old boy
in critical condition.
[Mike's mom wailing]
Mike!
[Mike's dad]
It's okay. It'll be okay.
[motor brake squeaks]
Hey, Jolyne.
You said this is where
the priest was hiding.
But this is a fucking hospital?
[Jolyne] He's here.
I don't know why,
but he's definitely waiting
for us inside.
We're gonna put
an end to this here.
Uh...
-[Jolyne] Emporio.
-[Emporio] Huh...
I need a favor.
This is important.
I want you to take
my father's disc,
and deliver it for me.
If you call this number,
the Speedwagon Foundation
will come get it.
I wanna go in with you.
I know.
But before that,
I need you to make sure
the disc gets delivered.
It's all up to you.
By now, the priest should sense
that I'm getting closer to him.
I don't wanna be separated
from you right now either,
but it's necessary.
Uh... Huh...
Keep in touch with this
cellphone I took off Rikiel.
[low suspenseful music]
[machines beeping steadily]
Sorry to bother you,
but I'd like to hear
your opinion
on something I'm unsure of.
Particularly, this dish.
Take a bite if you would.
I want you to
taste-test it for me.
Versus.
[low suspenseful music]
One bite is enough.
After you eat it, tell me
what ingredients are inside.
If there's shellfish,
I can't eat it.
I'm allergic,
so I would get quite sick.
Hm.
This is whitefish.
Most likely flounder.
It has been paired
with this flan.
A delectable pudding
mixed with asparagus
and mashed-up crab meat inside.
I detect no shellfish.
Incredible.
But hold on a second.
May I have another small bite,
but this time with a little dab
of sauce on the side?
There's a faint scent
from the sauce.
Judging by the fishy aroma,
I suspect it's scallop paste
mixed with cream.
[Versus] How unfortunate.
Just as I thought.
There are scallops
inside the sauce.
[Father Pucchi] Is your
shoe size 27 centimeters?
Pardon me, but could you stand
for a moment?
Hm?
[Father Pucchi]
Be careful not to open up
the bullet wound on your leg.
Slowly now.
You're about
181 centimeters tall, yes?
And you weigh
precisely 72 kilograms.
Are your clothes size 52?
And do you tighten your watch
belt on the second hole?
Yes.
How interesting.
Though I'm unable to enjoy
this fine meal,
I'm quite impressed
by your ability
to pick out the scallop
from the sauce.
It would appear we have
a similar sense of taste.
[machine alarm beeping]
Interesting indeed.
Tell me, Father Pucchi,
what are you trying to say?
You're aware I haven't seen
my own ability yet,
and plus, I can sense someone
quickly approaching
our location.
I want to help
in any way I can.
What should I do?
Hmm...
That can't be helped.
In fact, their arrival might
actually prove useful to me.
[Versus's shocked gasp]
[Mike's mom crying]
Oh, Mike...
[nurse]
Your son's going to be fine.
He's really close now.
He's here somewhere.
[Father Pucchi] If you're still
unable to see your ability
then there is nothing else
that can be done.
Don't struggle against things
beyond your understanding,
let the power
take its own course.
If we are going
to make it to heaven,
you must ally yourself
with the power
that lies dormant within you.
And besides,
there's a chance Jolyne
might overlook
this room entirely.
Nevertheless,
I decided to order this dish
because they told me
there'd be no shellfish inside.
If you'd like,
you may eat it yourself.
[ominous music]
Father Pucchi.
[Versus gasps]
[Mike] I... I...
I... I was...
Look at me,
I was shot to death!
It was a lot of fun going
for a ride in the ambulance.
But it was ruined because
my daddy doesn't like me.
My daddy's the one who shot me.
[blood sloshing]
[Mike]
He was trying to kill me!
[gunshot]
-[gasps]
-[Mike's mom] Honey? Honey!
Honey, what happened?
-Someone was shot!
-[Mike's mom crying]
[Mike's mom] Oh, God!
Why... Why did you have
to take him too?
-No! No!
-[both gasp]
[eerie music]
[eerie music rises]
[Ermes] What the hell?
This hospital room is a mess.
That priest
must have been in here.
But now where the fuck
is he hiding?
Whatever's going on,
I think it's safe to assume
that the new enemy that's been
hanging around the priest
is the cause of all this.
Although, that gunshot
didn't exactly feel like
a Stand attack.
It's more like somebody fired
a real bullet.
And the poor bastard
that got shot,
who even is that guy?
Why would he be
the one to get hit?
I mean, looking at him,
he seems to be
just a random, ordinary dude!
[Mike's mom] Oh, honey!
I need you to hurry
and evacuate
everyone on this floor. Now!
Yes, sir.
Hey! That goes for
you two as well.
Hurry up and evacuate!
I'm gonna go call the police.
[gasps] That's right.
I remember that man now.
He's the parent of that kid who
was brought in by the ambulance
when we first got
to this place.
-Maybe it was a test shot...
-Huh?
[Jolyne] I have no idea what
kind of ability it could be,
but if it's someone who just
had their powers awakened,
they would need
to give it a test drive
and try it out
on somebody first.
-[Jolyne grunts]
-[door thudding]
[ominous music]
-[wind whooshing]
-[Ermes] Oh, hell nah.
The priest is moving right now.
Somewhere down there!
That bastard's inside the hole!
I can sense him
getting further away from here.
[Jolyne grunts]
[rock clattering]
Come on, Jolyne.
Don't just throw yourself
into the hole like an idiot.
Sorry, but I'm against you
on this one.
Anybody could see
it's an obvious trap!
Don't even go near the thing
until we can find
a clear connection
between this deep, dark abyss
and the man who got shot up
in the hallway!
[wind whooshing]
[both grunt]
[suspenseful music]
Whoever dug this hole started
tunneling to the side
when they got deep enough.
I can't see beyond that.
[Jolyne]
The person that's accompanying
Father Pucchi right now,
goes by the name Versus,
25, male.
Listen to me, Jolyne.
I said it before
and I'll say this again.
I ain't going down
in this damn hole!
Let's just wait for 'em
to climb out
or we gotta find a way
to drag them out like rabbits.
I'm already well aware that
this hole is an obvious trap.
I'm not stupid.
But what happens if the priest
is planning to
hole himself up down there
for three more days while he
waits for the new moon to come?
No, given how capable he is,
I bet Pucchi and his accomplice
plan to escape all the way
to Cape Canaveral like this.
In three days,
that man is going to
develop some new ability
that will help him attain
his absurd idea of heaven.
But for now,
all he has is Pale Snake,
which merely allows him to
control the memories of other.
This is our chance.
If we strike him now,
we can win.
We can't avoid it anymore,
if we want to
end this for good,
we might have to
kill the priest.
Hold on to this.
Huh?
[Jolyne] Don't let go,
no matter what.
[grunts]
Hey, Jolyne!
What do you think you're doing?
I'm coming with you!
If we both go, who's gonna stay
here to help pull me back up?
Take my rope and wrap it
around your body.
If I need help, I'll signal.
You got it? Pull me
outta here whatever it takes.
She is crazy.
But still though, Jolyne,
if you keep pulling
this thread out of your body,
just how far can you go
before you run out of slack?
[suspenseful music]
[Ermes] Jolyne?
Jolyne!
Hey! Why ain't you
answering me?
Jolyne!
[gasps]
Where... am I?
Uh... Where am I?
[grunts]
[Jolyne] 2005?
What the... Uh...
[grunts]
[breathing heavily]
[tense music]
[Netherworld] Hey, look.
She came all this way
dragging her rope behind her.
[Father Pucchi] Hmm?
[Netherworld] I'll go cut it.
Fuck! Not good. Where am I?
[Jolyne grunts]
Ermes, hey! Can you hear me?
Things are bad!
Start pulling me up!
Hurry, now, Ermes!
I'm in trouble.
Please, get me out of here.
They're gonna cut the rope!
[Jolyne gasps]
[intense suspenseful music]
[grunts] Come on, Ermes.
What are you waiting for?
Hurry, please! Ermes!
Pull me out
of the fucking hole!
Huh?
Ermes!
I know you can hear me!
[strained groan]
Goddammit, what the ever living
fuck is going on down there?
She couldn't have really gone
that far into the hole.
[wind swishing]
Go, Ermes! Keep pulling!
You're gonna have to
pull me up even more!
Oraa, oraa, oraa, oraa,
oraa, oraa, oraa...
Oraa!
[grunts]
[Netherworld]
I welcome you,
even though
you've come uninvited
and haven't greeted me,
you may stay.
You chose to come into my hole
of your own volition.
However, I must insist
the entirety of
this tightly pulled rope
comes in with you as well.
Hiya!
Stone Ocean!
[victorious music]
[Netherworld screams in pain]
[groans]
Hey, Versus,
will you be all right?
Compared to you,
who has recently developed
a new Stand ability,
Jolyne Cujoh has undergone
intense training
through her experiences
in prison.
She is much more accustomed
to all-out battle.
It's not surprising
that she would steal a pen
from one of the passengers
on the plane.
Do not pursue Jolyne
any further.
You have done enough already,
Versus.
If Jolyne wants to escape
from this hole, then so be it.
She won't attempt to
come back inside again,
at least not for a while.
For now, all we can do
is wait patiently.
We'll need to stay here
for three more days.
[Versus grunts]
Can you hear me up there,
Ermes? I can see a light now!
I must be getting close to you.
Pull me up even harder, okay?
Yeah, Jolyne, I can hear you!
And I'm starting to be able
to see you. Are you okay?
What the hell is down
in this deep hole?
The enemy is staring
right at me as we speak.
Also, I could see the priest.
He's in here too.
We have to come up with
another way
for us to get down here again.
It would've been over
if they'd cut this rope.
[grunts]
[ominous music]
[gasps]
[Sports] Tell me
something I wanna know.
Hey, come on now, Ermes.
How you feeling?
I'm just a little curious.
[slurps]
I really wanna know.
How did it feel to get revenge
on the son of a bitch
who murdered your sister?
Did you get some sort of
sick satisfaction
out of burying me alive
in that sewer pipe
you called an improv coffin?
It's Sports Maximum!
[grunts]
Hey, what's going on, Ermes?
What are you doing up there?
Sorry, Jolyne!
[grunting]
The ground has a long memory
of everything
that happens upon it.
Sorta like a tape recorder,
or even much like
a digital camera.
For example, it remembers
that boy who was shot dead
by his own father
when he fell onto the ground.
Shit. What the hell are you?
It even remembers the gangster
who was buried alive in a sewer
pipe and drowned to death.
The Earth's memory
is so powerful
that it can even recall
every single one of
the passengers
who met their demise
on a plane
that fell to the ground
in July of 2005, six years ago.
Ermes, hey! What the hell
are you doing up there?
Come on, Ermes!
Stop! Let go of me.
I'm here thanks to Versus'
Stand ability.
See, Netherworld
uncovers all the folks
who met the ground
when they perished.
And excavates their memories!
Asshole!
[Sports groaning]
[Ermes screaming]
[screams]
Jolyne!
[intercom beeps]
Excuse me, ladies.
Welcome aboard.
Unfortunately,
this plane is expected to
lose control
and crash into the ground
at approximately 21:33
on July 21, 2005.
We ask that you please turn off
all electronic devices,
and make sure
that your seatbelt
is securely fastened
around your lower waist.
I suggest you heed
that warning,
or you'll end up like the man
who was sitting
in the seat behind me.
[both gasp]
His head was lodged straight
into my stomach on impact.
What? Ain't no way.
Dammit, where is the entrance?
Start looking, Ermes.
Help me find it.
[Ermes]
Wait, what even is this place?
Is this a hallucination,
Jolyne?
[Jolyne]
It should be on the ceiling.
Look for the place
we came in from.
[grunts]
Everything in this fucking
plane feels so real, though.
We need to find
the way out of here, now!
Before you fell down,
was there anyone coming to
check the room above the hole?
There was a panic in the halls
after that boy's dad was shot,
the police had
to have shown up.
Did you see anyone?
No, I have no clue.
Besides, even if the cops came,
they wouldn't be able to
hear us calling
just like I couldn't hear you
up there earlier.
[Ermes] How's this plane
down here anyway?
I didn't see anything like this
when I was waiting for you
to come out of the hole.
Oraa!
[flight attendant]
Excuse me, miss.
Please refrain from
punching the ceiling.
If you would kindly take
your seat and wait quietly.
This plane will be crashing
in less than three minutes.
[Jolyne and Ermes gasp]
Okay, then let us see
the pilot.
We gotta make him land
this plane immediately.
Now hurry up, lady,
and take us to the cockpit!
No point.
[sizzling]
[foreboding music]
[Jolyne gasps]
We weren't able
to land the plane safely.
That's the reason
why we crashed.
Holy shit!
Unfortunately for us,
we all burned to death.
When the plane crash-landed,
it exploded.
And that was when my body...
[gulping]
Um, excuse me, sir.
Did you not hear me
when I told everyone
to turn off
all of their electronic devices
earlier?
[gasping]
Could it be?
I... I think I remember this.
It was Flight 2882, to Dallas.
Around six or seven years ago,
it crashed
somewhere near Orlando.
We're dealing with ghosts here!
No, we're memories. That's all.
Remnants of memories that
were recorded by the Earth.
Are you trying to tell me
we're actually gonna
crash in this thing?
[gasps]
Can you not make this plane
crash happen any faster?
I've been sensing
Weather Forecast
getting closer to our position.
[sirens blaring]
[Father Pucchi] It appears that
he is drawing
ever closer toward
this hospital.
I swear to God, if you don't
shut the fuck up already
and stop confusing me.
Huh? Were you speaking to me?
Uh-huh.
[Versus] Netherworld's ability
is to excavate
memories from the ground.
And this plane is set to crash
specifically at 21:33
on the dot.
Also, try not to forget that
I've capitalized
on this opportunity
and managed to pull Ermes
into my hole as well.
Hm.
[Versus] I have done this
all for you, Father.
Now just leave it to me.
-[grunts]
-Huh?
[gasps]
[both gasp]
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]